hey guys welcome back to flix recap my
name is luke pelletier and today we are
taking what feels like a step backward
in time a blast into the golden pass to
check out 2002's
enough
now obviously there are spoilers ahead
but this one is absurd enough to enjoy
either way so before we dig in be sure
to give the video a like drop a comment
and subscribe to the channel now let's
hit it
while working as a waitress in a diner
our leading lady slim runs into mitch
who owns a construction company
one thing leads to another and the two
get married and soon slim gives birth to
their daughter gracie
everything seems to be fine in their
little world until one night when slim
discovers that mitch has been cheating
on her
she confronts mitch about it who
gives her this insincere apology and
then doesn't stop seeing other women
and his reasoning for this is that he's
a man and men and women have different
needs like
yeah it lays it on very very thick very
very quick 2002 really does seem like a
long time ago
anyway slim has had enough and won't
take this from her husband
this irks mitch who has the balls or
should i say lack thereof to slap slim
and then punch her in the face
ugh the next day slim goes to see jenny
her friend and colleague from the diner
who suggests that she go to the cops
now she goes to the police station and
under the guise of asking for a friend
she finds out what she can do to protect
herself and gracie
the police officer tells her that if a
child is involved she'll have to go
through family court and prove that
mitch is actually a danger to the child
realizing the complexity and the
bureaucratic frustration of this process
she thinks that her best option is to
leave her house and go somewhere safe
that night when mitch is asleep slim
tries to sneak out with gracie phil her
boss from the diner ginny and another
friend are there to pick her up but
right when she's about to slip out mitch
comes at her from behind and kicks her
her friends realize something's off when
a loud commotion erupts inside the house
they rush in to help her but mitch
threatens them with a gun
however phil isn't gonna let slim and
gracie stay there he picks up gracie
who's asleep on the couch and wakes her
up so that mitch will now have to put
his gun away a pretty smart trick and
they all hurriedly leave the house and
drive off but they can't decide where
they should take slim and gracie because
mitch knows where they all live
they go to a hotel but slim's credit
card gets denied
probably because mitch canceled it the
funds in her account have also been
frozen
so jenny rents a motel room for slim and
gracie with her credit card
but somehow mitch finds them there he
breaks in forcing slim to take gracie
and run out the back door now he chases
after them like a maniac but they
managed to catch a bus in time
later phil helps slim and gracie catch a
flight to seattle slim's friend and
ex-boyfriend joe lives in seattle and
slim has always felt very safe with him
so they decide to stay at his place
assuming he's okay with it but mitch has
apparently sent some goons after slim
they pretend to be fbi agents with a
warrant to search joe's house
but pretty soon it becomes clear that
these people are not fbi agents they're
just thugs who basically raid the whole
place but still can't seem to find slim
and gracie who are hiding in a great
spot
mitch then calls joe and threatens him
but slim doesn't want to put joe's life
in danger very reasonable so she packs
up and goes to san francisco with crazy
her estranged father who had abandoned
her when she was two years old lives
here and she resorts to falling on his
mercy but he turns his daughter away
thinking that she just wanted his money
finally slim and gracie then go to
michigan where phil's friends have found
a group home for them to stay
here slim assumes a new identity to
protect herself from being located by
mitch
a few days later slim received some
money in the mail money from her father
who has had a change of heart after
mitch's goons threatened him against
helping her
while it's awesome that slim uses the
money to find a new house for gracie and
herself i can't help but wonder how her
father actually was able to send her
money i mean she just got this group
home and i doubt phil and slim's dad are
on like buddy buddy terms
whatever anyway slim also gets in touch
with mitch's mother though it's from a
phone booth located hours away from
where they live mitch's mother tells
slim that mitch is going to start a
custody battle and advises her to let
gracie talk to mitch reluctantly slim
calls mitch and lets gracie talk to him
but mitch is tracing the call to find
out slim's location and he's doing it
with the help of his cop friend robbie
the only reason robbie agrees to help
mitch is because he thinks slim deserves
what's coming to her for being stupid
now you might ask why robbie why would
you think she's stupid to which he'd
reply oh because she's a waitress
obviously
[Music]
the irony mixed with the cringe here is
just
oh
my god classic dude who enrolled in the
police force never had loans and never
understood being an adult anyway mitch
recruits robbie to find out where slim
and gracie are living and of course
robbie follows along
later joe comes over to stay with slim
and gracie for a day but robbie sees
them all together and finds out where
they live
one day after joe leaves mitch comes to
slim's house he assaults slim and when
gracie tries to stop him he pushes her
to the ground too
luckily slim manages to spray mitch with
some pepper spray and grabs gracie and
runs toward her car she drives off at a
high speed but doesn't realize that
robbie is following her robbie tries to
open her car when she stops for a bit
but she recognizes him as mitch's goon
and drives off again robbie continues to
follow her
now i'm sure you haven't forgotten
because he is so memorable but if you
have robbie is a cop which is why it is
crazy that he has nothing better to do
than aid and abet his abusive friend in
harassing a woman and a child
anyway in a pretty dangerous car chase
this cop hit slim's car multiple times
unfortunately for robbie and contrary to
his assumptions slim is not stupid she
takes him to a spot where his car
wouldn't get enough clearance making him
crash his car really badly
she then drives to a location which she
is apparently already scouted out for
such an incident here she has another
car ready with supplies including some
money and a wig to disguise herself
honestly a pretty gangster move
slim then takes gracie to a lawyer's
office where she tells attorney james
toller about how mitch has been trying
to kill her
toller tells her that she's too late
because she didn't file any police
reports earlier also now mitch might
portray her as some drug addict at the
custody hearing and gain sole custody of
gracie at the same time though if she
doesn't go to the hearing she might be
declared a fugitive and then the case
will be completely in mitch's favor
toler also tells her that the custody
hearing might just be a trick to get her
in a certain place and have her killed
this makes slim realize that the only
way for her and gracie to be safe was
for her to fight mitch
so she calls ginny and asks for her to
take gracie on a vacation with her own
kids
slim wants to be fully prepared to
protect herself before the custody
hearing next month
so she takes self-defense lessons from a
guy her father introduced her to
meanwhile her father has also been
trying to find mitch's address for her
apparently mitch now lives in a new
house in l.a
ready to confront mitch slim takes a
flight to la finds his house and breaks
in
she stays hidden in the house the whole
night waiting for mitch to leave the
next morning she gets down from her
hiding spot as soon as mitch leaves for
work with the rigor and suspense of a
military mission slim then prepares her
weapons messes with the power supply
hides all the knives in the house uses a
metal detector to find mitch's guns
plants some letters talking about her
physical abuse in the cupboard and sets
up a device to cut off all phone calls
and now she waits like a viper waiting
for her prey to come to her
when mitch returns home that night he's
met with a power outage thanks to slim
slim then announces her presence in the
dark
mitch looks around for his gun
but it's not there he tries to call
9-1-1 but slim's device won't let him
finally slim turns on the lights and
reveals herself she's ready to fight but
mitch still disses her for being a woman
trying to fight a man
enraged she slaps him hard one after the
other he tries to come at her but she's
way too quick for him
she punches him kicks him and smacks him
around
at one point he tries to choke her but
she now knows very well how to counter
this attack she throws him against the
kitchen counter where he hits his head
and passes out she has the chance to
kill him
but restrains herself
in the meantime mitch regains
consciousness and hits slim on the head
with a lamp making her fall on the floor
as he's about to kick her she gets up
and thrashes him ultimately kicking him
off the floor and killing him
the film ends with slim reuniting with
gracie at the airport
now i'm usually on the fence about
socio-politically fueled action movies
but i like this film because it's from
2002 and speaks out against misogyny and
toxic masculinity obviously these things
have always been there but this seems
like a pretty badass way of reminding
recent y2k viewers that these are very
strong very powerful very messed up
social phenomenon and nearly 20 years
after its release the subject matter
still remains significant almost
everywhere in the world
obviously mitch's exacerbated
traditional ideals and
yeah pretty much his whole character is
supposed to make the viewer feel
uncomfortable
which is why it makes it that much more
enjoyable to watch slim beat his ass in
the end
honestly i also really enjoy this film
because 20 years later you can get a lot
of mileage goofing about robbie and
mitch it's kind of one of those films to
just have fun with
what did you guys think about it do you
know of any other movies that are
sociopolitically kind of in a similar
vein and if you've seen enough before
what were your initial reactions let me
know in the comments below and of course
be sure to like the video and subscribe
to the channel for the next recap until
next time